Notes
-----

A few public domain clips have been prepared for this demo.

The samples Apollo_11_landing.wav, Apollo_11_quip1.wav and
Apollo_11_quip2.wav, Apollo_11_plaque.ogg are ripped from NASA archive
videos using VLC. The NASA copyright notice is reproduced at the end of
this README file.

The samples were encoded in 4-bit mono MS ADPCM at 11025Hz or 22050Hz,
running at about 45kbps or 89kbps, using Audacity 1.2.4. A bit of noise
reduction has been done, so please use original material from NASA for
historical presentations about Apollo 11, not these adulterated clips.
The OGG file was created using Audacity as well.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

NASA Copyright Notification

GENERAL CONDITIONS:

NASA materials may not be used to state or imply the endorsement by NASA
or by any NASA employee of a commercial product, service or activity, or
used in any other manner that might mislead.

NASA should be acknowledged as the source of its material.

It is unlawful to falsely claim copyright or other rights in NASA
material.

NASA shall in no way be liable for any costs, expenses, claims or
demands arising out of use of NASA's cassettes and photographs by a
recipient's distributees.

NASA personnel are not authorized to sign indemnity or hold harmless
statements, release from copyright infringement, or documents granting
exclusive use rights.

PHOTOGRAPHY:

Photographs are not protected by copyright unless noted. If copyrighted,
permission should be obtained from the copyright owner prior to use. If
not copyrighted, photographs may be reproduced and distributed without
further permission from NASA. If a recognizable person appears in a
photograph, use for commercial purposes may infringe a right of privacy
or publicity and permission should be obtained from the recognizable
person.

MOVIES:

Movies are not protected by copyright unless noted. If copyrighted,
permission should be obtained from the copyright owner prior to use. If
not copyrighted, movies may be reproduced and distributed without
further permission from NASA. If a recognizable person appears in a
movie, use for commercial purposes may infringe a right of privacy or
publicity and permission should be obtained from the recognizable
person.

CONTACT:

If further information or assistance is needed, you may contact:

        NASA Headquarters
        Office of Public Affairs
        Media Services Division
        News and Imaging Branch
        Code PM
        300 E St., SW
        Washington, DC  20546
        (202) 358-1900
